Update documentation about local testing (#287)
openstack-k8s-operators/test-operator: docs/source/guide.rst

Note that after running the following command, you will need to switch to
another terminal unless you run it in the background.

> Now that test-operator is part of the OpenStack product, running changes

Reviewer: **suggestion (blocking):**
```suggestion
Now that test-operator is automatically deployed in the podified environment, running changes
```

Author: Ack :smile:

locally may be interrupted by the :code:`test-operator-controller-manager`
pod, which runs by default. To prevent errors, disable test-operator
before testing local changes by following these steps.

1. Scale down the openstack-operator deployment
   This step is necessary because if you only delete the controller managers,
   the reconcile loop will redeploy them.

.. code-block:: bash

>    oc scale deployment openstack-operator-controller-operator -n openstack-operators --replicas=0

Reviewer: **praise:** I really like this! :)

Author: Thanks!
